---
layout: post
title: Lecture 2
cover: cover.jpg
date:  2019-07-23 12:00:00
categories: posts
---



This is the official webpage for the course on Economic Growth & Development for Universidad EAFIT (Coloombia).

In this web you will 


This course follows the team‐based learning (TBL) approach to evaluate the learning level that students are expected to develop during the lectures. TBL relies on small group interaction to promote an open learning environment where students are encourage to debate and discuss the basic concepts and theories covered in this course. 

In particular, we will employ two evaluation strategies:

Readiness Assurance Process (RAP) :

The RAP are very similar to the traditional short test on the key idea from reading that students are expected to be cover individually. Then, the same test is taken yet now as a team. During this period, we expect the each team develop a consensus.

Application of Course Concepts (ACC)

The ACC are different team-based activities in which students are encouraged to solve empirical problems using the concepts and theory covered in class. We expect students to use innovative resources to face each activity.

In this course, there are two types of ACC:
•	Problem sets: Each team has to solve questions and extra exercises 
•	Country debates:  Each team will be assigned to a country. During the semester the team will participate in debates around the pre-defined questions provided by the professor using the concepts.

# Key dates
 
- *Midterm Exam*:  Sept 4
- *Second Exam*:  Oct 16
- Agosto 28 - NO CLASS

# Syllabus (in spanish)

Here you can check the [Syllabus](https://jcmunozmora.github.io/slides/inputs_growth_lecture01/Desarrollo_Crecimiento_Economico_2019-II_JCM.pdf)

# Slides

The slides of this lecture can be found [slides lecture 2]()

# Readigns

Availables at EAFIT Interactiva

# Some Resorces for the country debates 

We have some codes to replicate what we are doing in class. For doing this, please use this [Codes Examples](https://github.com/economicgrowth/R_examples_codes)



